# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`qpage`](#qpage): This is the base qpage class that should orchestrate the installation of all the other pieces that make up the software.
* [`qpage::config`](#qpage--config): This class takes care of all necessary configuration
* [`qpage::install`](#qpage--install): This class takes care of all necessary package installations
* [`qpage::service`](#qpage--service): This class takes care of all necessary services

## Classes

### <a name="qpage"></a>`qpage`

Document parameters here.

#### Examples

##### Basic example to include the class

```puppet
include qpage
```

##### Include the class with options

```puppet

class { 'qpage':
  config_ensure  => 'absent',
  package_ensure => 'absent',
  service_ensure => 'stopped',
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `qpage` class:

* [`administrator`](#-qpage--administrator)
* [`config_ensure`](#-qpage--config_ensure)
* [`config_group`](#-qpage--config_group)
* [`config_mode`](#-qpage--config_mode)
* [`config_owner`](#-qpage--config_owner)
* [`config_path`](#-qpage--config_path)
* [`forcehostname`](#-qpage--forcehostname)
* [`groups`](#-qpage--groups)
* [`identtimeout`](#-qpage--identtimeout)
* [`include`](#-qpage--include)
* [`lockdir`](#-qpage--lockdir)
* [`modems`](#-qpage--modems)
* [`package_ensure`](#-qpage--package_ensure)
* [`package_name`](#-qpage--package_name)
* [`package_provider`](#-qpage--package_provider)
* [`pagers`](#-qpage--pagers)
* [`pidfile`](#-qpage--pidfile)
* [`queuedir`](#-qpage--queuedir)
* [`service_defs`](#-qpage--service_defs)
* [`service_enable`](#-qpage--service_enable)
* [`service_ensure`](#-qpage--service_ensure)
* [`service_name`](#-qpage--service_name)
* [`sigfile`](#-qpage--sigfile)
* [`snpptimeout`](#-qpage--snpptimeout)
* [`synchronous`](#-qpage--synchronous)

##### <a name="-qpage--administrator"></a>`administrator`

Data type: `String`

The e-mail address of the QuickPage administrator.

##### <a name="-qpage--config_ensure"></a>`config_ensure`

Data type: `Enum['absent', 'present']`

Specifies the ensure parameter to the configuration file.

##### <a name="-qpage--config_group"></a>`config_group`

Data type: `String`

The group of the configuration file.

##### <a name="-qpage--config_mode"></a>`config_mode`

Data type: `String`

The file mode for the configuration file.

##### <a name="-qpage--config_owner"></a>`config_owner`

Data type: `String`

The owner of the configuration file.

##### <a name="-qpage--config_path"></a>`config_path`

Data type: `String`

The path to the configuration file.

##### <a name="-qpage--forcehostname"></a>`forcehostname`

Data type: `Enum['false', 'true']`

Force the destination address to be qualified with a hostname when
sending e-mail status notification to users.

##### <a name="-qpage--groups"></a>`groups`

Data type: `Optional[Hash]`

A hash of hashes to define pager groups.  The keys of the top-level hashes
are the names of the groups.  The sub hashes should contain key/value
pairs with keys consisting of: text and members (which should be an array).

##### <a name="-qpage--identtimeout"></a>`identtimeout`

Data type: `String`

The number of seconds to wait for a reply before giving  up  on RFC-1413
queries.

##### <a name="-qpage--include"></a>`include`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Specifies the name of another configuration file that should be processed.

##### <a name="-qpage--lockdir"></a>`lockdir`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

The location of the lock directory.

##### <a name="-qpage--modems"></a>`modems`

Data type: `Hash`

A hash of hashes to define modems.  The keys of the top-level hashes are
the names of the modem device.  The sub hashes should contain key/value
pairs with keys consisting of: text, device, initcmd, and dialcmd.

##### <a name="-qpage--package_ensure"></a>`package_ensure`

Data type: `Enum['absent', 'held', 'installed', 'lastest', 'present', 'purged']`

Whether or not to install the package (Default: 'present')

##### <a name="-qpage--package_name"></a>`package_name`

Data type: `String`

The name of the package to install (Default: 'qpage')

##### <a name="-qpage--package_provider"></a>`package_provider`

Data type: `String`

The provider used to install the package

##### <a name="-qpage--pagers"></a>`pagers`

Data type: `Hash`

A hash of hashes to define pagers.  The keys of the top-level hashes are
the names of the pagers.  The sub hashes should contain key/value pairs
with keys consisting of: text, pagerid, and service.

##### <a name="-qpage--pidfile"></a>`pidfile`

Data type: `String`

Specifies a file into which the server should write its process ID.

##### <a name="-qpage--queuedir"></a>`queuedir`

Data type: `String`

The location of the page queue.

##### <a name="-qpage--service_defs"></a>`service_defs`

Data type: `Hash`

A hash of hashes to define services.  The keys of the top-level hashes are
the names of the services.  The sub hashes should contain key/value pairs
with keys consisting of: text, device, dialcmd, phone, password, baudrate,
parity, maxmsgsize, maxpages, maxtries, identfrom, allowpid, and msgprefix.

##### <a name="-qpage--service_enable"></a>`service_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether or not to enable the service (Default: true)

##### <a name="-qpage--service_ensure"></a>`service_ensure`

Data type: `Enum['running', 'stopped']`

The ensure value for the service (Default: 'running')

##### <a name="-qpage--service_name"></a>`service_name`

Data type: `String`

The name of the service (Default: 'qpage')

##### <a name="-qpage--sigfile"></a>`sigfile`

Data type: `String`

Specifies a file containing an alternate signature that QuickPage should
append to e-mail status notification messages sent to page submitters.

##### <a name="-qpage--snpptimeout"></a>`snpptimeout`

Data type: `String`

The number of seconds to wait for an SNPP command before terminating the
connection.

##### <a name="-qpage--synchronous"></a>`synchronous`

Data type: `String`

Whether or not queue runs are synchronized with new pages.

### <a name="qpage--config"></a>`qpage::config`

This class takes care of all necessary configuration

### <a name="qpage--install"></a>`qpage::install`

This class takes care of all necessary package installations

### <a name="qpage--service"></a>`qpage::service`

This class takes care of all necessary services
